Add documentation links (#10)
microsoft/K2Bridge: docs/installation.md

## Requirements

* [Helm 3](https://github.com/helm/helm#install)

> * AKS cluster ([create an AKS cluster instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster)) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.14 or newer - tested and verified up to version 1.16. A minimun of 5 node count).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AKS cluster ([create an AKS cluster instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster)) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.14 or newer - tested and verified up to version 1.16. A minimum of 3 node count).
```

> * AKS cluster ([create an AKS cluster instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster)) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.14 or newer - tested and verified up to version 1.16. A minimun of 5 node count).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [AKS cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.14 or newer - tested and verified up to version 1.16. A minimun of 5 node count).
```
